Ability to sync a sync group independent of syncAll (#186)
xmtp/docs-xmtp-org: docs/pages/inboxes/history-sync.mdx

> - Conversation messages

Reviewer: We can remove this line.

- Consent state
- HMAC keys (for push notifications)

> - History transfer requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Consent and message archive requests
```

When your app initializes an XMTP client and a `historySyncUrl` client option is present, history sync automatically triggers an initial sync request and creates an encrypted payload.

<div>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xmtp/docs-xmtp-org/refs/heads/main/docs/pages/img/history-sync-1-state.png" width="600px" />
</div>

History sync then uploads the payload, sends a sync reply, and pulls all conversation state history into the new app installation, merging it with the existing app installations in the installation state group.

<div>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xmtp/docs-xmtp-org/refs/heads/main/docs/pages/img/history-sync-2-state.png" width="600px" />
</div>

Ongoing updates to history are streamed automatically. Updates, whether for user consent preferences or messages, are sent across the installation state group, ensuring all app installations have up-to-date information.

History syncs are accomplished using these components:

- Installation state group
- Sync worker
- History server

> ### Installation state group

Author: @nplasterer thank you for your comments on this PR!

How about "installation state group"?

When your app initializes an XMTP client and a `historySyncUrl` client option is present, history sync automatically triggers an initial sync request and creates an encrypted payload.

<div>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xmtp/docs-xmtp-org/refs/heads/main/docs/pages/img/history-sync-1-state.png" width="600px" />
</div>

> History sync then uploads the payload, sends a sync reply, and pulls all conversation state history into the new app installation, merging it with the existing app installations in the installation state group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Device sync then uploads the encrypted payload to the archive server, sends a sync reply, and imports consent state and old messages into the new app installation from the archive.
```

> History sync then uploads the payload, sends a sync reply, and pulls all conversation state history into the new app installation, merging it with the existing app installations in the installation state group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Device sync then uploads the encrypted archive, sends a sync reply over the sync group. The new installation receives the sync reply message, pulls down the encrypted archive from the url in the message, decrypts the archive, and inserts the consent and message data from the archive.
```

<div>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xmtp/docs-xmtp-org/refs/heads/main/docs/pages/img/history-sync-2-state.png" width="600px" />
</div>

> Ongoing updates to history are streamed automatically. Updates, whether for user consent preferences or messages, are sent across the installation state group, ensuring all app installations have up-to-date information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ongoing HMAC and Consent updates are streamed automatically across the sync group, ensuring all app installations have up-to-date preferences.
```

> History syncs are accomplished using these components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Device syncs is accomplished using these components:
```

> - Installation state group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A private, hidden sync group
```

> - Sync worker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The device sync worker (A worker thread in libXMTP)
```

> - History server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Archive server
```

### Installation state group

> An installation state group is a special [Messaging Layer Security](/protocol/security) group that includes all of the user's installations (devices). The installation state group is used to send serialized sync messages of a local installation state across a user's other installations. This state information includes:

Author: Sometimes we use "installation" and "device" interchangeably. I prefer using "installation" because it is more precise and accurate - is that right? Like in the protocol - we call it an installation - not a device, is that right?

Reviewer: Yeah, I think it's a good idea to stick to the technical term "installation" too. I find myself going back and forth because it's easier to say and type "Device"

Author: Thank you for discussing installation = device with me, Coda. I think we are on the same page now and I'll incorporate updates in this PR!

A sync group is a special [Messaging Layer Security](/protocol/security) group that includes all of the user’s devices. The sync group is used to send serialized sync messages across the user's devices. The sync group is filtered out of most queries by default so they don’t appear in the user’s inbox.

> You can sync a sync group independent of the history sync process. To learn more, see [Sync a sync group](/inboxes/sync-and-syncall#sync-a-sync-group).

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should call it something other than a sync group. Like "you can sync state between multiple installations independent of history sync process."

- Creates and consumes archive payloads for and from other devices
- Keeps preferences synced across devices

### Device sync server

> A device sync server acts as a bucket that holds encrypted sync payloads. The URL location of these payloads and the password (cipher encryption key) to decrypt these payloads is sent to the device group for the recipient to decrypt.

Reviewer: We should mention that files only live for a day before they're deleted.
